hey guys what is up it is stuff here
otherwise known as EXO gingy and I help
women ditch the diet train hard and love
their bodies if you want more
information on my programs the community
that I run anything click the links
below to join because we want you we
want you in the community but today's
video is not about fitness it is not
about really ditching the diet it is
about gym shirt I bought three items
from gym sharks Black Friday sale but
before I get into those items I want to
let you know what I have bought in the
past and it did not work for me and I
sold it I'll be honest with you I sold
it and they are actually I had to pull
it up on the phone because I didn't know
what they were called
okay so the Flex leggings the Flex
leggings if you can see that I ordered
those like way back because I they were
like the hottest thing I was like oh my
gosh everything looks so good
I got them and it was awful it was a
disaster okay so the Flex leggings did
not work for my body my body type I
believe I got the wrong size I should
have gotten an extra small and I got a
small and there was a little too much
going on even in the crotch if you know
what I'm saying
it was just a hot mess and to be honest
I didn't like the feel of them I felt
like I was not covered it's a very light
material yes it's like spandex II and
you can move in them but I felt like I
was not covered I am NOT probably the
only person in the world who is not a
fan of the Flex leggings okay so I just
wanted to put that out there before I
start so I was like okay I hope Jim
shark makes some new leggings because I
love what I'm seeing but the Flex does
not work for me
okay so flex was a no-no I'm more of
like a high-waisted girl which I'm about
to show you so I ordered three things
from their latest launch on Black Friday
the first thing we're gonna look at is
what I am wearing right now which is one
of my favorite things to wear to the gym
okay and it is the seamless top pastel
lilac
Carll in a small I'm if you ask me the
name the color you could have just
called it lavender but I mean II do a
cheer right so this is a small and I
really enjoy wearing this to the gym it
fits very nicely I feel like it would
fit really nice on most body types it's
very comfortable you can move in it you
can do arm is in it you can do legs in
it it is really comfortable and I do
actually have it in this color except
not with me and this is from an old and
older launch as well but this is a tank
so this is the same material but I have
this color in the long sleeve as well
and I would highly recommend it if you
like a long sleeve
I haven't even wear this like I'm a
casual day out to be honest it's cute I
really love the color it's one of my
favorite colors so I highly recommend
this piece
[Music]
alright guys now I am loving these
leggings these are the winter sculpture
legging in beat these are an extra small
as you can see they pass the squat test
they are super comfortable they're so
flattering on your waist they fit me
really really well
now I am short I'm about five foot one
ish so they're a little bit long on me
but I only have to fold them up a tiny
tiny bit I highly suggest these leggings
they come with pockets you can fit your
phone in them I would totally wear these
to the gym loving these leggings 100%
I love these more than the seamless ones
so definitely Abdo a size down as I do
mention later on that I think that they
create their leggings for people who
just have larger glutes and hamstrings
now I am I put on the cropped hoodie its
enriched purple this is a size small and
I love wearing hoodies like this to the
gym to warm up for my workout or just on
a casual day I love the color of this
for winter and fall it actually looks
really good with those reddish colored
leggings so I love this hoodie as well
it's light it's very comfortable
[Music]
so there you have the three pieces that
I bought from the Black Friday sale
they're by far my favorite Jim shark
pieces that I do own I hope this helped
you
I would suggest sizing down in their
leggings because I feel like Jim shark
kind of only tailors towards women with
really big booties and tiny waists I'm
gonna be real that that's how I feel I
love this prop because I love wearing
crop sweaters to the gym and I love
other compression long sleeves because
they're so comfortable and I find the
quality is really good for the price
point so those are my three top items if
you were to order anything off the Jim
shark order those items and also this is
similar to the compression top but it's
a tank and again it's really flattering
and form-fitting it's really nice I'd
like to wear it on back day because it
shows off your back muscles or your you
know your shoulders or whatever but this
is an older piece that I got the color
is really really nice as well and then I
just want to show you I got this about a
year ago at Jim shark sweater I'm not
sure if it's still on the site but this
is really comfortable as well this is a
size small it's pretty form-fitting if
you like begging your sweaters then
maybe go up a size because this is
pretty form-fitting on me but it's a
really nice just casual sweater if you
just want to wear it in the winter
because it's cold and the color is
absolutely gorgeous I love this color
this bright blue a kind of purple color
so yeah I hope you enjoyed this Jim
shark haul I hope you got some good
information from it at some advice I am
a small person for reference I am five
foot one and I weigh between like 105
and 110 pounds so when I see people like
Robin gallant and Nicki black udders say
they're wearing an extra small I'm like
oh my god
but I feel like they take really
unrealistic pictures of themselves to
make their butts look a lot bigger when
Rob
gallant said she's wearing an
extra-small I was like what cuz her butt
looks huge okay I'm just being real I'm
making a real and honest review okay and
I'm like are you serious right now but
that's just the shape that Jim shark
likes to promote and I'm a real body and
I'm a real person and these are the
pieces that work for me and I feel
comfortable in them so let me know in
the comments if this helped give this a
like and subscribe if you want more
fitness tips if you want more workouts
if you want more advice cuz that's
that's what I like to do and I love
fashion halls so much fun alright I'll
see you guys in the next video
[Music]
you